Homework 7

1.⁠ ⁠How do you assess the statistical significance of an insight?
Statistical significance of an insight can be found by performing an appropriate statistical test, such as a Z-test. This works by forming a null hypothesis, 
which assumes no influence from the manipulated variable, then using the statistical test to find the probability of the measured results, given that null hypotheses.
If that probability is below a certain amount, ususally 0.05, then the hypothesis/insight is significant.

2.⁠ ⁠What is the Central Limit Theorem? Explain it. Why is it important?
The CLT says that as the sample size of an indendently and randomly sampled population increases, the mean will tend towards a normal distribution. This
is important because it means that with a large enough sample size, analysis which can usually only be done on normal distributed populations can be done
on differently distributed populations.

3.⁠ ⁠What is the statistical power?
The power of a test is the probability that it will successfully identify significant hypotheses. In other words, power is the probability that the 
test will correctly rejet the null hypothesis.

4.⁠ ⁠How do you control for biases?
There are many different biases, and therefore many different ways to mitigate them. One mentioned in the lesson was confirmation bias. This can be mitigated through
double blind experimentation, random sampling, and peer review. Another type of bias is survivorship bias. This takes place when the dataset randomly chosen from has 
some previous elements removed/die/leave leading to a preselected sample, rather than a truly random sample. This can be mitigated through more effective random sampling
or adjustments based on estimation.

5.⁠ ⁠What are confounding variables?
A confounding variable is some effect which influences the dependent and independent variables leading to conclusions which aren't necessarily accurate.
To give an example if one is measuring the speed of track runners at different schools, but one school had a grass track, and one school had a turf track
this could lead to significant differences, not necessarily due to the actual runners, but rather due the the track the sampling took place on.
In this example, the track material would be the confounding variable. The way to avoid confounding variables is through improving sampling methods, making
sure to keep as many variables the same between the tests as possible, other than the independent variable. 

6.⁠ ⁠What is A/B testing?
A/B testing is a sampling method where two options are tested against one another in a comparison. Subjects may choose between the two options, and several
tests can be performed on the data including the likely range in which the true population proportion lies, or whether the population statistically significantly
leans towards one option or another. 

7.⁠ ⁠What are confidence intervals?
Confidence intervals are ranges in which the true population value could lie. Since usually it isn't possible to sample the entire population, 
  confidence intervals can give a range, inside of which there is a very high chance (ususally 0.95) of the true population proportion lying. 
